hello this is chef john from food wishes
comm with lobster scrambled eggs that's
right i'm gonna help solve one of
america's biggest home cooking dilemmas
what to do with all that leftover
lobster hey we've all been there anyway
all kidding aside you may in fact one
day have leftover lobster and scrambled
eggs is a fantastic way to use them up
so what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna take a
saute pan on medium low heat with a nice
chunk of butter when the butter melts
I'm gonna add my lobster chunks you'll
notice they're still in fairly large
pieces you don't want to dice it or
mince it up like I've seen in some
recipes you want to know you're eating
lobster okay so don't chop it up leave
it nice big pieces as soon as that
lobster starts to warm through its not
really cooking it's just starting to
gently sizzle in the butter and the
chills been taken off I'm gonna add my
eggs to which I've added a couple
tablespoons of tarragon leaves one of my
favorite favorite seafood herbs
especially with lobster just a perfect
perfect pairing I'm gonna turn the heat
up to medium I'm gonna take a spatula
I'm obviously using a nonstick pan here
I'm gonna keep it moving until it's done
or you got to keep it moving I don't
want big chunks of rubbery scrambled
eggs in lobster I want this very very
very soft and very very custardy now the
only other times I've made this I've
actually scrambled the eggs first and
then when they were almost done I folded
the lobster meat in which does work but
here I wanted to try something different
I wanted to start with the lobster in
the pan and I wanted to scramble the
eggs with the lobster to possibly impart
more lobster flavor into the dish the
risk of course is overcooking the
lobster which I'm happy to announce did
not happen alright and again very
important you keep it moving keep that
spatula scraping against the bottom of
the pan so that no part of the egg stays
in one place too long so I'm going to
keep it moving keep it moving when it
got to this point and it was almost
there
I stopped why because by the time you
put the spatula down and you get your
warm plate and you go ahead and you
serve it up it continues to cook from
the residual heat in the lobster and the
eggs so if you think okay it's almost
where I want it
stop put it on the plate by the time you
dig your fork in it's gonna be
absolutely perfect and there you go a
little bit of toast a cup of coffee and
you are in breakfast heaven so next time
you have a bunch of leftover lobster
hanging around
I know happens all the time you should
give this a try
super great way to use it up all right
so I'm gonna dig in here and you can see
that custardy egg just a beautiful sweet
buttery taste luxurious texture that
little bit of anisette flavor from the
tarragon kind of a licorice flavor
profile just fantastic with this and my
theory about cooking the lobster with
the eggs instead of adding at the end
totally worked this really did have a
stronger lobster flavor then the other
version I described really really
delicious I hope you give this a try
check out food wishes com for all the
ingredient amounts as usual and as
always enjoy
you